[Music]
when your story is finally ready to be
published press the render button to the
right rendering is usually quick but
will depend on the length and complexity
of your
story when the video has finished
rendering you can view the video on a
large screen and all the outputs you
have chosen to use if you want to you
can connect your Cutting Room to
different distributions such as Facebook
Instagram Twitter and YouTube to connect
the different distributions go to your
settings and press Distribution on the
left side then you can just choose the
ones you want to connect keep in mind
that you have to have your own public
page on the different distributions to
connect when you are happy with the
video and ready to share with the World
Press render again and choose between
the different
[Music]
distributions you can also download the
video to your computer and share to your
personal social media
[Music]